Details
Japanese Name	アイラニ・イオフィフティーン
English Name	Airani Iofifteen
Debut Date	April 12, 2020
Member of	hololive Indonesia 1st Gen
Fan Name	IOFORIA
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🎨 Twemoji12 1f3a8.svg


Official Bio
"IOFORIA~! OBISA!" "Pagi semua! I'm your beloved smart alien iofi from hololive Indonesia, nice to meet you!"

An alien princess who ran away from home and came to Earth.
She loves the Earth so much that she successfully entered the school of Virtual Communication and Designs in a university here.
Sometimes she likes to tease her viewers, sometimes she's becomes their nice Iomama.
She occasionally forgets herself when playing gacha games.

Overview
A talented artist who came from another planet to learn more about life on Earth. She prefers the nickname Iofi to her full name, and is referred to as such by other people. She is also multilingual, able to understand and speak in Indonesian, Japanese, English, German, Korean and "Alienish". She doesn't limit herself to one language and even have streams teaching her viewers a particular language, or learning a new language herself. She is a member of Hololive Indonesia 1st Generation with Ayunda Risu and Moona Hoshinova.

Iofi hosts drawing streams both with other vtubers and alone, often teaching the viewers while drawing fellow Hololive members or herself in these streams.[8] She enjoys a variety of games, in particular gacha games, and rhythm games, but also stretches out of her comfort zone especially for collaborations, though she has stated she dislikes FPS games and Minecraft. Outside of gaming and drawing, she frequently hosts free talk streams and will sing karaoke on occasion, including a capella. [9] She has produced several covers, with her first being one of "Alien Alien."[10] She also has collabed with the rest of HoloID 1st gen on several songs and Pochimaru on the song "Happy Synthesizer." [11]

Personality
Iofi has a cheerful nature and is energetic and talkative throughout her streams, and is quite open about her thoughts and feelings. Her streams are often described as calm and "comfy," mixing her gameplay with chatting with the viewers, and has stated her love for free talks. She has a strong comedic side, often playing along with or against viewers. She never wavers from her views and values, and she plans each stream with the goal of a comfortable, engaging, and enjoyable experience with the viewer, whether that be through her collabs, content choice, or discussions. Her chats are varied and will often choose topics from the viewers, though she is quite passionate about talking on beauty/skin care, voice actors, gacha, and anime, with her favorite anime being One Piece.

She is incredibly supportive and social in general with a variety of personalities thanks to her knowledge of multiple languages and compassionate nature. She is very close with genmates Moona and Risu, streaming monthly together in collabs known as "Area 15", with Iofi acting as Moona’s husband and Risu’s papa.[12] Her nature during streams shifts between caring and flirtatious, with fans often calling her “Erofi” due to her antics, contrasting with the wholesome advice she often gives others.[13] This advice is not restricted to vtubers; she has posted short videos encouraging viewers as well, and in general she is quite vocal and responsive to the chat during streams.[14]

She collabs regularly with various groups members outside of Area 15, including “Kira Kira Family” with Risu, Aragami Oga, and Arurandeisu, and “HoloFOI” with Shirakami Fubuki and Oga.[15] She and Tokino Sora, whom she calls “Sora-neesan” host a monthly show “IoSoRadio” on “Otaku Talk.” [16] She frequently hosts one-on-one collabs both inside and outside of Hololive, most commonly with Tsunomaki Watame, Ninomae Ina'nis, Aisha, and Pochimaru. [17] Due to her friendship with Pochimaru, Iofi is referred to by Pavolia Reine as "tante Iofi" or "Auntie Iofi." She has also served as a "bridge" between personalities, helping them connect, such as Usada Pekora and Moona, and Yukoku Roberu and Ono Yuuki.

While not the shortest in hololive, she was made fun of by Moona about how short she is; as such she is particularly sensitive when called short by others. When attempting to praise or compliment chat, they often turn around and complement her back. Though often calm, she can be prone to frustration, especially when it comes to gacha games or rhythm games, for the latter staying on the same song over and over until she is satisfied.[18]

