Details
Japanese Name	天音かなた
English Name	Amane Kanata
Chinese Name	天音彼方
Debut Date	December 27, 2019
Member of	hololive 4th Gen
Fan Name	Hei-min (へい民)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	💫 Twemoji12 1f4ab.svg

Official Bio
"Hey, you all came, ta!"

An angel from the Celestial Academy. She is now studying how to heal people. To hide her shyness, she pretends to be cool.

Overview
Amane Kanata is an angel Vtuber and member of Hololive 4th Generation. Kanata debuted on December 27, 2019[11] after the creation of her Youtube Channel on December 4, 2019. In a tweet, she states herself as a Student Council Secretary[12]. She is friendly and kind towards others. She describes herself as shy and conceals this fact by maintaining a cool facade. After using Microsoft PowerPoint in her debut stream, she was nicknamed PPT (PowerPoint Tenshi). However, fans often joke that PPT can stand for a number of things, most notably Perfect Pitch Tenshi for Kanata's extraordinary vocal range.

Kanata lacks a sense of fashion and has been called out[13] by fellow 4th generation member Kiryu Coco, who claims to only have ever seen Kanata wear two different outfits. She also lacks a sense for naming things, as revealed by a Twitter poll[14] for the name of her YouTube membership, the three options being "Kanatas", "THE Kanata", and "Kanata Fan Club".

Her representative emote is "dizzy", because it resembles an angel halo.

Personality
Kanata is a slightly dorky yet pure-hearted girl. She is very talented and is well known for her impressive vocal range. She likes Japanese Idols and has a very high general knowledge, scoring 20 points in Choco's 3-minute general knowledge test. She is considered one of the most "pure" girls in Hololive, often not understanding adult jokes and avoiding the usage of bad words, her fans usually worry about her getting "corrupted", specially now that shares a house with Kiryu Coco, one of her best friends. People highlight and admire her ability to keep her spirits high even throughout all the bad moments she has faced, such as having near deafness in one of her ears. She used to call herself "Nyan Nyan" as a kid.[15]
