Details
English Name	Gawr Gura
Japanese Name	がうる・ぐら
Chinese Name	噶呜・古拉
Debut Date	September 13, 2020 (YouTube)
Member of	hololive English -Myth-
Fan Name	Chumbuds
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🔱

Official Bio
A descendant of the Lost City of Atlantis, who swam to Earth while saying, "It's so boring down there LOLOLOL!"
She bought her clothes (and her shark hat) in the human world and she really loves them. In her spare time, she enjoys talking to marine life.

Overview
Gawr Gura (がうる・ぐら) born June 20th, which is also the date that the movie Jaws debuted, is a Shark-Human hybrid Virtual YouTuber from Atlantis that debuted as a member of the Hololive English -Myth-.

Best known for her verbal tic, "A", she is an energetic and amusing Shark with a tendency for pranks. She has a vast knowledge of memes and will often use them in her jokes. Her love to banter between her fans and fellow members gives an atmosphere similar to hanging out and playing games with friends. While she lacks a good sense of direction and a grasp on basic math, she is still quick-witted and clever, solving puzzles creatively and quickly. Her favorite games to play are rhythm, horror, and Western-themed games. Along with gaming, she is an amazing singer with her favorites to sing being City Pop, Anime, and classic 2000's and oldie songs.

Personality
A friendly and mischievous shark, Gawr Gura often plays around with her chumbuds and fellow Hololive members. Best compared to a friend that exchanges back and forth teasing and encouragement, Gura welcomes everyone to hang out and watch her be a dumb shark and do foolish antics. Despite being a over 9000 year old shark, she cleverly uses memes and simple humor as she plays games. Due to unknowingly mistaking the word "Simp" for "Shrimp", it has since been the word to denote someone who is devoted to the shark, either through giving donations, joining membership, or regularly watching Gura.

She also gives useful life advice such as "live life without a care for other people's opinions" and "to do things that makes you happy". She is seen by others to be a "little sister" character to which she says that she is too old to be someone's sister and rather she is a Gurandma (a play of words on Grandma and Gura). While it seems that she gets angry at chat for inciting flat jokes and teasing the shark, she states herself that she is not genuinely mad and it is all in good fun. She is often joking and making fun of chat back. During horror games, she pokes a lot of fun while playing and it could possibly serve as her coping mechanism against being scared. She is hard working and tries her best to give a good streaming experience to her viewers. She works hard behind the scenes to practice her singing for karaokes and doing research for Minecraft or other gameplay. She is also learning the ukulele.

Of her fellow HololiveEN members, she gets along with Amelia Watson the best, often joking back and forth with each other. The fun exchanges and affectionate words between each other has lead to the chumbuds calling their pairing AmeSame (Ame short for Amelia and Same for the Japanese word for Shark). They're close enough that they knew what each other were saying during a simultaneous, but not a collab, Minecraft stream. They both like the pairing name and has both encouraged the ship in their own ways. Ame is often watching Gura's streams and has also parodied a song after Gura, calling it "Gura doesn't know I exist". Gura has talked multiple times about how she likes Ame and how much fun she has together.

