Details
Japanese Name	星街すいせい
English Name	Hoshimachi Suisei
Hosimati Suisei
Chinese Name	星街彗星
Debut Date	March 22, 2018 (YouTube)
Member of	hololive Generation 0,
INNK Music (formerly)
Fan Name	Stargazers
(星詠み Hoshiyomi)
Kometomo (formerly)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	☄️ Twemoji12 2604.svg

Official Bio
"It's your shooting star, your diamond in the rough, idol VTuber Hoshimachi Suisei!"

A forever18 VTuber who deeply loves singing and idols.

Her dream is to one day hold a live concert in Tokyo Budokan.

Overview
Hoshimachi Suisei (星街すいせい) born on March 22 is a cheerful shining Idol and VTuber from Hololive 0th Generation. She is a forever 18, multitalented girl who deeply loves singing and idols, with the dream of one day holding a live concert in Tokyo Budokan. She started out as an independent VTuber and later joined Inonaka Music, a music label under Hololive, before moving officially to Hololive main branch.

Her name "Suisei" translates to "Comet" in English, and as such is usually referred to as the comet idol. She is well known for her amazing skills in Tetris, as she is often being called out as the best among VTubers, as well as her psychopathic personality, as shown when she sometimes acts ruthless to others while still giving off a cheerful attitude.

Her representative emote is a comet.

Personality
Hoshimachi Suisei debutted with a modest and earnest personality to do the best in everything she did. She is always cheerful and energetic, rarely showing genuine sadness in streams, and her viewers used to view her as a pure person. She is also hardworking, with her continuing to do VTuber activities even after a year with barely any growth and having her determination to join Hololive even after her first application failed. However, during a stream collaboration with various Hololive members, she was shown to have a remorseless and sociopathic personality while still giving off a carefree attitude when she was killing and hunting out people. Over time, people started to refer to this side of her as "Psychopath Suisei" or "Suicopath", with her denying it as a side of her.

She is particularly sensitive to the topic of chest size as seen in various occasions, and usually threatens her viewers whenever the topic is brought up in the live comments section. On one occasion in a stream with fellow member Shirogane Noel, she shared how when she met with Noel for the first time, she was taken aback by her size.

She is a large spender on gacha games, especially the gacha game "Ensemble Stars". In a stream with Nijisanji VTuber and friend Inui Toko, she spent an absurd amount of money that shocked both her viewers and Toko, who was also a huge gacha spender on the game. In a quiz stream about gacha games, she was agitated when fellow member Oozora Subaru commented how gacha games were just a waste of money.

She usually cares greatly for those close to her, especially her VTuber friends. She has a close relationship with not only Amane Kanata, a fellow member, but also people outside of Hololive, including but not limited to Inui Toko, Lupinus Knightely, Kuon Ran and her real older sister nicknamed Anemachi.