Details
Japanese Name	戌神ころね
English Name	Inugami Korone
Chinese Name	戌神沁音
Debut Date	April 13, 2019 (YouTube)
Member of	Hololive GAMERS
Fan Name	Koronesuki (ころねすきー)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🥐 Twemoji12 1f950.svg

Official Bio
"'Ello! Fingers! Give me your fingers!"

A dog from a bakery in the city. She likes to play games during her free time while watchdogging.

Overview
Inugami Korone is a dog girl VTuber in the Hololive Gamers sub-unit. She is 94 dog years old. She works at a bakery, thus the bread and pastry theming around her.

Korone is known for her endurance streams where she streams the same game for very long time, usually 5-12 hours.

Korone loves to play Kusoge or Bakage. She finds both kinds of games very endearing and will laugh at them instead of getting frustrated at the bad parts.

She is very close friends with Nekomata Okayu even before joining Hololive and the pair is often referred to as "Okakoro".

Korone doesn't tend to follow "trends" or what is popular. When everyone else was playing Animal Crossing for the Switch as soon as it came out, Korone decided to play a Gegege no Kitaro SNES game.

Some Japanese fans have compared Korone to the Japanese TV station TV Tokyo, that will air anime or other programs instead of talking about important current events like other channels at the same time are doing.

She has said she did not audition for Hololive, but got in due to being referred by Okayu[9], although in a now private HoloRadio episode, Fubuki says she saw Okayu and Korone at an arcade and decided to ask them to join. [10]
Her representative emote is a croissant, because she works at a bakery.

Personality
Korone has a very cheerful and energetic personality, she seems very outgoing but despite this she is sometimes shy in collabs with many people. Although she has slowly become more open to talking with people she is not close friends with over the years. She can be described as a bit "eccentric" or doing things at her own pace, she would like to do a stream about various torture methods[11], will sometimes turn her attempt at ending a stream into talking with the viewers, she does not have set schedule and will end streams when she has had enough instead of streaming for a set amount of time. She has a strong conscience, as she felt bad when she finished her attempt at "Dragon's Lair" as she felt she didn't do it fairly. She had 30 lives instead of the default 5, which to her felt like cheating. Korone later uploaded a video of her finishing the game with the base 5 lives available.[12]

She tends to act very playful by making various noises relating to her in-game actions, adding various props on screen (such as a coffee mug with a pepper in it) or messing with her model, such as making copies of it or putting it upside down on the screen.

She tends to find all manner of weird looking things "cute" and will easily get very emotional if the game she is playing deals with themes of death of family members, or parting with friends / partners; In her Monster Rancher stream she got very sad when she had to freeze her monster due to old age (that she had at the start of the game called ugly but gotten very attached to), as well as in the ending to the game Klonoa, where it is revealed the main character is not actually part of the game's world and is forced to leave his friend behind and return to his own world.