Details
Japanese Name	ムーナ・ホシノヴァ
English Name	Moona Hoshinova
Debut Date	April 11, 2020
Member of	hololive Indonesia 1st Gen
Fan Name	Moonafic
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🔮 Twemoji12 1f52e.svg


Official Bio
"Moon Moon~ Moona Dayo!"

A college girl who works as a model and idol, but later got interested to become a VTuber too.

On some rare occasions, Moona's stream might be visited by Moona's "another personality", Hoshinova.
She has deeper big sister-like voices and sadistic tendencies.
Pay attention to her streams to meet Hoshinova!

Overview
Moona Hoshinova is the second member of Hololive Indonesia 1st Generation, having debuted on April 11, 2020. A moon goddess and former model, she enjoys doing gameplay streams, especially with games that involve building/crafting, such as ARK, The Sims, and Minecraft. She also hosts "Moona Boona," a series of streams about Indonesian ghost stories, with fellow HoloID Gen 1 talents Ayunda Risu and Airani Iofifteen. Much like her colleagues in HoloID Gen 1, she is able to speak in Indonesian, English, and Japanese. Although she typically speaks in a higher voice, she is equally capable of speaking in lower tones, during which she often presents herself as "Hoshinova," a separate personality with a more sadistic attitude.

Her representative emote is a crystal ball, because of the stars inside and its use in fortune-telling, reflecting her wishes to make a better future.[6] Additionally, her birthday (February 15) coincides with the birthday of famous astronomer Galileo Galilei, while her surname, Hoshinova, is a combination of the Japanese word "Hoshi" (ホシ), "star", and "nova", from the Latin word "novus," meaning "new".[7]

Personality
In her debut stream, Moona introduced herself as a shy and quiet girl, though in the months following her debut, she rapidly developed into a more confident, upbeat talent. Moona often refers to herself as two souls sharing the same body: "Moona," the human aspect who speaks normally, and "Hoshinova," the moon goddess aspect who speaks in a lower pitch and shows a much more ominous, malevolent, and provocative personality.

Moona has been shown to be a fast learner when it comes to new games, and it is not uncommon for her to go quiet in the middle of a stream to focus on gameplay. She has an eye for detail, and will often take her time to make sure she's doing something exactly as she wants it.

She is known to have a large appetite, frequently eating snacks on stream and talking about food, with cheeseburgers being a favorite of she and her fans. Moona is also known for her presence on Twitter, often interacting with fans, as well as posting spontaneous thoughts and observations with the hashtag "#RandoMoona".

