Details
Japanese Name	夏色まつり
English Name	Natsuiro Matsuri
Chinese Name	夏色祭
Debut Date	June 1, 2018 (YouTube)
Member of	hololive 1st Gen
Fan Name	Matsurisu (まつりす), represented
by squirrels ("risu", in Japanese)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🏮 Twemoji12 1f3ee.svg

Official Bio
"Wasshoi! hololive's symbol of purity and everyone's idol, Natsuiro Matsuri here!"

A rookie member of her school cheerleading team. Her cheerful, energetic, and affectionate personality means she gets along with everyone and has lots of friends. Loves festivals, events, and other fun things.

Overview
Natsuiro Matsuri (夏色まつり) born July 22 is a VTuber under Hololive 1st Generation. She is a freshman and a member of the cheerleading club. She likes fun things such as festivals and events. Her name, "Matsuri," translates to "Festival," which suits the lively and cheerful theme around her. Because of this, her representative emote is a lantern often used at Japanese festivals.

Matsuri enjoys many types of games, such as simulation games, mobile games, and shooting games, though she has a terrible time with horror games. She has become very skilled at FPS games like APEX Legends and Valorant. She is also a good teacher, having been previously approached by some of her juniors to teach and help them in APEX. This includes Uruha Rushia[14] and Kiryu Coco[15] who are complete beginners to the game.

Matsuri enjoys singing and occasionally does karaoke streams. She is part of a singing pair MatsuRikka with Rikkaroid from Holostars. She gets along really well and does a lot of collaborations with Shirakami Fubuki, and the pair is usually called NatsuFubu. Another member that Matsuri gets along really well is Himemori Luna. They named their pair as FestivalLuna (フェステイバルーナ).

One of Matsuri's dreams is for her to become a voice actress, one that she has taken a number of steps towards fulfilling with a number of minor roles, including voicing a minor character in the mobile game "Brown Dust" (known as "Brave Nine" outside Japan).[16]

Personality
Matsuri has a very lively, energetic, and chaotic personality. She is also very outgoing, having lots of VTuber friends outside of Hololive. While she refers to herself as "seiso", some of her actions suggest otherwise, like groping Hoshimachi Suisei's chest when they first met each other for an off-collab[17], doing pee-holding streams, reading Comic LO[18] and many other events. Infamous for her playfully boisterous demeanor, Matsuri can often be found raising a stir when it comes to interacting with other Vtubers as well as with her own viewers.

However, underneath her outrageous actions and energetic personality, Matsuri is actually a very sensitive and kind-hearted girl. This can be observed on her Twitcast streams (audio-only streams), usually before sleeping or while she's in the bath. These streams are usually candid where she simply talks to her viewers about her inner thoughts. She also once called Inuyama Tamaki, an independent VTuber, at night until morning to talk about her worries as both an individual and an idol.[19]

Matsuri is also seen as a very reliable person by both her colleagues and juniors in Hololive. Her name often comes up as the answer when the newer members are asked about the senpai that they respect and can rely on.

She is known to treasure her fans very much, and consistently interacts with them through self-searching on Twitter. She often expresses her love for her fans without reserve in both her streams and tweets.