Details
Japanese Name	白銀ノエル
English Name	Shirogane Noel
Chinese Name	白银诺艾尔
Debut Date	August 8, 2019 (YouTube)
September 29, 2019 (bilibili)
Member of	Hololive Fantasy
Fan Name	Knight's Order of Shirogane
(白銀騎士団)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	⚔️ Twemoji12 2694.svg

Official Bio
"All hustle, all muscle! Shirogane Noel's here!"

As much as this fluffy, meatheaded knight may be easy-going, she has the dangerous habit of attempting to muscle her way through her problems. Hungering for power, she came to train to the VTuber world where all the stronk people are.

Overview
Shirogane Noel (白銀ノエル), born November 24th, is the knight captain that belongs to Hololive 3rd Generation. One of the three human members of Hololive Fantasy, this gyūdon (牛丼) loving knight debuted on August 8th, 2019 in Youtube and on her BiliBili roughly a month after on September 29th, 2019. Her 3D debut was on November 17th, 2019 with the creator of the 3D being ぽんぷ長(@paint002). And her second costume, the New Year's costume was released on January 2nd, 2020. Her fans is referred to collectively as Order of Shirogane (白銀聖騎士団), and she prefers to be called Danchou (団長) which roughly translates to captain or leader, with her being the Guild leader of the Order of Shirogane.

Noel is strongly associated with both gyūdon, which she loves so much (along with meat in general), and muscles which is a representation of her strength as a knight, and also accurately represents her strength which is above average among the other members of Hololive.[9]

Noel was one of the primary ASMR-focused members of Hololive, offering a wide array of calming and relaxing ASMR as her main form of content. However, this changed after YouTube began to harshly take down many ASMR streams over a short period of time. Nowadays, Noel's content is very varied and spread out, including but not limited to video game streams (with which she usually tackles the game she plays one-at-a-time on her own pace), comfortable chat streams (including yakiniku-eating streams, as well as drinking chat streams, which happen quite frequently due to Noel's general resistance to alcohol) and karaoke streams. Her content is much more evenly distributed among the aforementioned types compared to the past.

Overall, due to her presence, demeanor and voice, Noel's streams are usually very calming and relaxing to the viewer (minus relatively frustrating games such as Dark Souls, Getting Over it with Bennett Foddy, horror games, etc.). Despite her relaxing and beautiful voice however, Noel's singing self-admittedly leaves a lot to be desired, which can be seen from her karaoke streams. Noel is aware of her shortcomings in the vocal department, even sharing how her old vocal-trainer had voiced such similar concerns and critique regarding her performance in Nonstop Story, the first live concert held by Hololive last January 24, 2020.[10] Regardless of this, Noel constantly strives to improve and practice her developing singing skills.

While all the members of the members of Hololive 3rd Generation are noted to have a strong bond with one another, Noel shares an especially strong bond with Shiranui Flare. This can be observed in the multiple interactions they have on-stream, and the stories they share of their relation off-stream, such as the time the two took a vacation trip together.[11][12] It's clear that the two care deeply for one another.

Her representative emote is a pair of crossed swords, due to her Knight theming.

Personality
Noel's personality perfectly embodies the two parts of her—that of a knight, and of a woman. She's determined, patient, gentle, caring, and affectionate all in one. Once Noel sets out to do something, she will stop at nothing to achieve it. This is evident in a lot of ways, one of the best display being her attempt at clearing the game Getting Over It. While multiple members have indeed cleared it with varying degree of skill, Noel displayed a great persistence in clearing the game, even going as far as doing a second revenge endurance (that finally results in a clear after hours of constant struggle) after her first attempt failed. While reading about that fact may not come as impressive, the patience and persistence Noel shows in the last few hours where it is clearly visible that she's getting frustrated and tired of it clearly speaks of how stubborn she can get when she's set her mind on doing something.

As a woman, Noel is the type that gives off a gentle aura, which is reflected both in her demeanor and her voice. Noel's ASMR content can be considered the comforting kind of ASMR, which is something she can achieve perfectly thanks to her gentle aura and calming voice. Even outside ASMR, Noel's chat stream can be considered the more relaxing and comfortable chat stream, as Noel takes her time slowly going through her topics, immersing the listeners in her words.

She also generally takes good care of the other members in collabs and whenever the girls get together, and can be considered one of the big sister types among the girls.

On the other hand, Noel is quite capable of being passionate, especially when it comes to Flare. While usually not an exceptionally emotional person, when it comes to matters concerning Flare, Noel gets emotional much more quickly than usual, both in terms of tears and her temper. This really highlights the close relationship the two has, and how attached Noel is to Flare (and how much Flare cares for Noel in return).

