Details
Japanese Name	獅白ぼたん
English Name	Shishiro Botan
Chinese Name	狮白牡丹
Debut Date	August 14, 2020 (YouTube)
Illustrator	Tomari[1]
Live2D Modeling	Main: 入江燈[2]
3D Modeling	Yatsurugi[3][4]
Member of	hololive 5th Gen
Fan Name	ぼ担 (Bo-dan) (former)
SSRB (current)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	♌ Twemoji12 264c.svg

Official Bio
Contrary to her sporty appearance, she's a white lion who prefers lazing around.
Despite her typically hands-off attitude, once she has made up her mind she will always follow through to the end.
Her favorite phrase is "Wealth isn't measured with money."

Overview
Debuting on August 14th, 2020, Shishiro Botan is a white lion Vtuber from the 5th generation of Hololive known as holofive. She hails from gangtown and had a rough time growing up. She is 22 years old... or 23. Or 25, or 26. Or even 27 or 28 years old.

Botan is known for her gaming prowess in FPS and various online multiplayer games. She also grinded her way to Master rank in Apex legends just to make it look good on her portfolio before applying for Hololive. Her early COD streams quickly caught the eyes of Activision JP and was gifted a pair of Modern warfare NVG.[7] She was also invited as a guest alongside Kotetsun4 for the "COD Challengers Japan National Team Finals" festival held on October 3rd, 2020.[8]

She is tech savvy, owning 2 PCs, a sub and another main with 4 monitors. She also likes to build PC computers as a hobby. Her new PC setup was sponsored by ASUS ROG and Crucial.[9] Due to her tech prowess, other members of 5th gen like to ask her assistance whenever they have any technical difficulties.

One of the skills that we as viewers should watch out for are her video editing skills, which she is still improving upon. She edited her own debut intro video and 5th gen's ochame kinou cover. She likes to upload her gameplay montage videos from time to time. She also has interests in ancient China which got her into learning Chinese, and she can speak it at a basic level.

Personality
Before debut, many of her fans believed she would have a deep voice; instead, she is fairly high pitched, and fans describe her as "Miko without a lisp". Contrary to her background profile of being lazy and carefree, Botan has a strong sense of responsibility and prefers a structured work environment. Her stream patterns tend to reflect this, usually built on a weekly schedule posted on her off days. Maintaining an uplifting, fun stream experience is very important to Botan, and she will even refrain from playing some games if she’s concerned it could result in a poor experience for the fans. She even takes the time to enable English subtitles for her foreign viewers. While around the other members of 5th generation, she is considered the “father” of the group, watching over and helping the others as the most experienced gamer.

Despite her earnest and motivated nature, Botan has admitted to enjoying being the silly member of a group, and has shown a propensity to play around much more when in the presence of her seniors.[10] She has an inclination for teasing those close to her, as can be seen in many interactions with her peers in the 5th generation. She is very free-spirited, and her laughs are a characteristic prized by her fans. When playing games, rather than getting frustrated when struggling, she’ll often resort to joking Japanese, such as “tachukete,” or making her speech overtly feminine and polite.

Botan’s earnest nature also shows in her perceptiveness towards others’ feelings. She is aware of her skill in video games as well as her low position and comparably short length of time as a member of Hololive. She frequently takes these into consideration when interacting with other Hololive members. This can result in her hesitating to directly offer help to her seniors or directly proposing plans for collaboration streams. Despite this, she still usually takes steps towards providing help, even strategically getting other members to ask her for help.

She has a habit of calling out her attacks and actions when playing games. Some notable call-outs are:

Poi : Whenever she throws a grenade or any projectile in a game.
Tachukete : Her way of saying tasukete in a baby voice which means “Save me, Please”.
Hewp hewp : Her way of saying help help
Oraaa, ikuzo! (come on, let's go!): She uses this whenever she is ready to charge the enemy.