Details
Japanese Name	ときのそら
English Name	Tokino Sora
Chinese Name	时乃空
Debut Date	September 7, 2017 (YouTube)
Illustrator	Current: ordan
Original: いかき
3D Modeling	Current (2020): schwarz[7]
Stage: Yatsurugi[8][9]
Member of	hololive Generation 0
Fan Name	Sora-tomo (そらとも), or Sora's Pals
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🐻 ,	(Twemoji12 1f43b.svg)

Official Bio

"Hey, Sora-tomo! How are you all doing? It's me, Tokino Sora!"

hololive Production's first virtual idol, debuting on September 7, 2017. She loves horror games and singing, and has always dreamed of performing in Yokohama Arena.

She signed a record deal with Victor Entertainment in March 2019. She is active in various forms of media, such as appearing in Watanuki-san Chi no and hosting Sora Ao to!, a radio show.

She held her first solo concert, Dream!, on October 6, 2019, taking one step closer to her ultimate goal.

Overview
Tokino Sora the first Member of Hololive Productions and debuted on Sept. 7th, 2017.[10]

Sora garners universal respect from all of her juniors in Hololive because she was one of the pioneers of early day VTubers. She generally does talking streams, gaming streams, as well as some occasional singing.
Her first ever stream was on NicoNico, a Japanese video hosting site like Youtube, for 50 viewers. But out of those 50, 37 were people she already knew and had asked to watch her debut stream, so only 13 viewers were completely unaware of what was going on. Those 13 people are now jokingly called "The 13 Knights" by fans. [11]

Starting out she didn't mind the low number of viewers as she was focusing on school and streaming was just something to do on the side. She thought that after about half a year, if the streaming wasn't successful, it would just naturally die out, but if she got lucky and it did become a big success, that would be nice. But after half a year had passed, she decided she doesn't want to stop because of all the people supporting her, whatever it was just watching her stream or sending fan mail, and whenever she would see someone say that watching her made them happy, she was glad she could have such an affect on people which motivated her to continue.[12]

Although she claims that she is scared of horror games, she does not have a large reaction to jumpscares and scary moments, only showing brief surprise or shock.[13] She is not good with things that involve memorization.

She has a really large vocal range, with some fans describing her voice to be high enough to be like a vocaloid,[14] yet being able to be low enough to sound like an ikemen voice.[15] Her singing teacher told her that her voice isn't really fit for "classical" music and she should do more idol-like songs. [16]

Her representative emote is a bear after her stuffed bear side-kick Ankimo.

Personality
She is an easy-going, happy, and comforting person whose personality has led many fans to call her "Sora Mama" because of her motherly attitude. She also has a playful side to her, with an example being that she has put on a horse head while streaming a game.[17] She is also a bit carefree as she does not mind revealing her age and weight on stream in contrast to other hololive members.[18]

Her signature greeting "Nun Nun" originated because she likes to say "un un", as if she's nodding her head to show that she saw the stream comments, but people heard it as "nun nun" which became her personalized greeting. [19]

Sora's English is fairly good among the Japanese members. She explained this may be as she made a friend when she was around four years old, who was a native speaker whom she often talked to.
She always tries to understand English comments on her videos and will always look up the meanings for things she doesn't get.
