Details
English Name	Watson Amelia
Japanese Name	ワトソン・アメリア
Chinese Name	沃森・艾米莉亚
Debut Date	September 13, 2020 (YouTube)
Member of	hololive English -Myth-
Fan Name	Teamates
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🔎 🔍

Official Bio
Amelia heard strange rumors online surrounding hololive: talking foxes, magical squirrels, superhuman dogs, and more. Soon after beginning her investigation on hololive, and just out of interest, she decided to become an idol herself!
She loves to pass her time training her reflexes with FPS games, and challenging herself with puzzle games.
"It's elementary, right?"

Overview
Amelia H. Watson[26], officially listed as Watson Amelia (ワトソン・アメリア), is a detective Virtual YouTuber who debuted as a member of Hololive English -Myth-. Amelia is usually referred to by her fans and gen-mates by the pet-name, Ame (アメ).

When busy with investigating, Amelia likes drinking iced tea and has an affinity for fensi noodles. In her free time, she loves riding roller coasters and sleeping, although the former is difficult due to her disliking going outside and the latter cannot be done if she is clothed. She also dislikes onions, a fact that caused many viewers to joke that she hates Minato Aqua. She hiccups frequently during streams which leads her viewers to comment "HIC". She hypothesizes that these are up-side-down burps that she's converting into cuter hiccups, perhaps as a result of swallowing air during meals[27]. Amelia enjoys FPS games the most such as Apex Legends and Valorant alongside open world games such as Fallout and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Amelia is unofficially considered the leader of Hololive English -Myth- by her genmates due to her technical knowledge of streaming equipment, VR, and her creative ideas for solo and collaborative projects [28].

Personality
Amelia is a highly active, expressive and kind individual who's often willing to help others, especially her own gen mates. She was said to have helped troubleshoot some of the technical problems her gen mates were having before and during debut which led to the birth to the meme Amelia Tech Tips which is a parody of the popular YouTube channel Linus Tech Tips. Amelia is also highly supportive towards hololive members and frequently comments in any ongoing streams whenever she gets the time to do so. Despite all of these positive traits, Amelia also has another side to her that comically emerges especially when playing in competitive player-versus-player (PvP) games such as Apex Legends that is often dubbed Gremlin mode by her viewers. She often becomes greedy, highly defensive of her own mistakes whilst being highly critical of her teammates actions, and even "salty". [29] Such kinds of behavior has led fans to also calling her a "True Gamer" in the sense that gamers are often considered to be toxic online. Though it is important to note that this doesn't detract from her positive traits but rather makes her streams quite unpredictable and very interesting to watch.

Amelia can also be quite mischievous and playfully naughty by pulling pranks on her fellow gen mates or making statements and jokes that have inconspicuously lewd undertones. One such popular joke would be her "Ground Pound" which she first mentioned during a Super Mario Odyssey playthrough with a slightly lower pitched and "gremlin-like" voice.[30] [31]. She also named a door in Minecraft "Gura's backdoor" with an added lenny emoticon " ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) " that is often used mischievously online.[32]

Her signature determination, combined with stubbornness when playing games, has resulted in multiple instances where she refuses to quit a game or challenge until she gets it right. Amelia's stubbornness would eventually be referred to as Ameway, as a way to reflect that Ame likes doing things her way and will ignore any feedback from chat, or even the game itself. Some instances of this trait include her Mario streams, Antichamber playthrough,[33] and the iconic Sun station landing in Outer Wilds, which took her just under 3 hours to achieve [34] [35]. As a way to show support when she is stuck on a challenge or level, teamates tend to send "#Amebeliever" in chat to encourage her as she repeatedly attempts to complete a level on her own terms.

