Details
English Name	IRyS
Japanese Name	アイリス
Debut Date	July 11, 2021[10]
Member of	hololive English Project: HOPE
Fan Name	Irystocrats
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	💎

Official Bio
IRyS, a half-demon, half-angel also known as a Nephilim, once brought hope to “The Paradise” during the ancient age. Her full name is ███████ Irys. This current era, riddled with despair and desperation, has brought upon her second awakening. She has arrived to deliver hope, with her feelings put into her lyrics and songs, and determination in her voice.

Though she tends to retain her Nephilim form, she is still quite young within her race. With emotion and “other factors,” it is possible that her form may lean to either side. When that occurs, she bears a brief change in her appearance.

She does not speak of the events that preceded her second awakening. She faces ever forward, perhaps because she is Hope Incarnate, though no one knows for sure. Or could it be...


“The future is not what helps people; the future is made with our own hands.

Salvation is hypocrisy. If people know they are to be saved, they simply will not try.

From the depths of despair: a glimmer of light, the warmth of recovery.

As long as we are with hope, we live. We stand tall.”

Overview
IRyS is a Virtual Singer or "VSinger", and is a member of Project: HOPE. She is a part-demon, part-angel, known as a "Nephilim", who has descended into Hololive Production. Her calming and soothing voice both compliments and reassures IRyStocrats of her angelic background. As the personification of hope, IRyS manages to make the best out of bad situations, such as descending multiple times to counter technical difficulties,[12] lovingly earning her a "Dorky" nickname from her seniors.[13]

Her angelic grace comes with a catch, being a half-demon means that she is also prone to unintentionally mischievous interactions with both her seniors and her IRyStocrats. She is also quick to make humorous remarks and puns, which can certainly prevent despair from occurring in some, while bringing it to others.

Perhaps where IRyS can make the best out of both worlds is when she is singing. Unsurprisingly, as the VSinger of Hololive EN, the power in her voice can be best heard as she gracefully reaches both high and low notes. Her debut songs, like Caesura of Despair, are an example of this, as are her multiple covers of Hololive original songs. Additionally, during IRyS' archived and unarchived karaoke streams, which are a regular occurrence in her channel, IRyStocrats are treated to pure and unedited power in her voice while singing a range of 2000s pop and Japanese pop.[14]

Personality
True to her Nephilim identity, her personality can be described as both calming, and slightly chaotic at times. She is very kind and respectful to her seniors, but can't help to act in mischievous ways. This rather playful side of her leads to memorable interactions and moments with the rest of her seniors. [15][16][17] [18] As hope descended into Hololive, she has proven to be a refuge for her IRyStocrats seeking healing and an escape from their daily routines. IRyS has consistently been able to be there for them, as she takes them on her various thrilling journeys.[19] However, IRyStocrats may also be, unintentionally, subject to her mischievous side as they encounter the devilishly mischievous side of IRyS.[20][21] Still, Hope's presences has brought much more joy to the rest of Hololive English, managing to fit right in with both the mischievous side and the angelic side of her identity.[22]

