Details
Japanese Name	角巻わため
English Name	Tsunomaki Watame
Chinese Name	角卷绵芽
Debut Date	December 29, 2019
Member of	hololive 4th Gen
Fan Name	Wata-mates (わためいと)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🐏 Twemoji12 1f40f.svg

Official Bio
"Hoof, hoof, helloof!" "Watame did nothing wrong!"

A sheep bard that goes around everywhere. She loves singing and is fluffy! YES! FLUFFY! Being a herbivore, she loves potato chips.
She makes music and videos together with the members of the Tsunomaki Troupe.
Make sure you check out her Tsunomaki Rock Paper Scissors videos as well!

Overview
Tsunomaki Watame (角巻わため), born on June 6th, is the 4 years old (in sheep years) resident sheep of Hololive 4th Generation. The fluffiest addition to Hololive yet, Watame is one of the kindest and most emotional members among the 4th Generation, if not among all of Hololive. Watame debuted on December 29, 2019[12]. She is the third to debut for the 4th Generation of Hololive. Watame loves puns and wordplay, thus the puns for the names of her fans and members.

Watame's uploads are heavily music oriented. She has two main programs, "Watame no Uta", and "Watame Night Fever."

In addition to her music based content, Watame is also a gamer. While she is not as hardcore as other members of Hololive like Minato Aqua, she enjoys a playing a wide variety of video games in different genres. This includes but is not limited to ARK, Apex, Minecraft, Splatoon, and Mario Kart. Watame is flexible in terms of the types of games she plays, which allows her to participate in many multiplayer game collabs with her fellow Hololive members.

Watame is well known for the catchphrase "Watame wa warukunai yo ne (わためは悪くないよね)" which roughly translates to "Watame did nothing wrong." The phrase started in an "apology" video (due to her previous stream having connection issues)[13] and has stuck around ever since.

Her representative emote is a ram, which should not be confused with the sheep emote. It was chosen due to the ram emote having horns compared to the sheep emote which has none.[14]

Personality
Watame possesses a gentle disposition, and often uses calm and polite language when speaking. She is also known among her peers as being quite warm and friendly. During her debut, she showed a shy attitude at times whenever she wasn't singing.

As Watame is a sheep, she also speaks their language. During her livestreams, one can often find some phrases replaced with bleats. It is not just restricted to spoken dialogue, as her streams may often have imprinted "ネタバレめぇめぇ！" (netabare mee mee!), which is highly-assumed to mean "No spoilers!" in the language of the sheep.

During gaming streams, she rarely shows frustration no matter the situation. Often, she will play very sweet and cute games, such as "Hansel and Gretel" or "Final Fantasy IX." She will also occasionally dabble in horror games that have been recently played by other members. Moderately weak to the genre, and quite weak to jumpscares, Watame would often shriek at the slightest movements on her screen. In most, if not all of her gameplay streams, whenever she is stuck on a section, she will gracefully accept the assistance of her viewers.

Additionally, Watame is known for being exceptionally emotional. Should an emotional scene in a game appear, such as a death, or the marriage of a character, she is known to start crying—often needing to take a moment to regain her composure before continuing. This is not exclusive to gaming streams, as she cried quite a number of times during her birthday weekend streams. Because of the sound of her sniffling, fans, especially those from the West, often relate that to the sound of slurping ramen. Due to this, during moments where Watame is crying, chat will often type in comments like "time for ramen."

For uploaded content, particularly "Watame no Uta" (Watame's Song Corner), Watame will show various expressions during her songs such as: happy, concerned, and serious. It may be the only way to see her serious face as she only uses it when singing certain styles of music.

Although relatively new to creating ASMR, Watame will often get fans enamored with how soft her voice is.