Details
Japanese Name	白上フブキ
English Name	Shirakami Fubuki
Chinese Name	白上吹雪
Debut Date	June 1, 2018 (YouTube)
February 2, 2019 (bilibili)
Member of	hololive 1st Gen,
Hololive GAMERS
Fan Name	Sukonbu (すこん部, Su-corn) /
Friends
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🌽 Twemoji12 1f33d.svg

Official Bio
"Good foxy day to you! I'm Shirakami Fubuki!"

White-haired animal-eared otaku fox. She loves talking with people and will be happy if you give her the time of day. She aims to become a top otaku idol while enjoying each and every day.


Overview
Shirakami Fubuki (白上フブキ) born October 5 is a fox girl in Hololive 1st Generation and is the leader of hololive GAMERS.

She is most known for her short-skit videos posted on Twitter and Youtube. Having an exposure to western and eastern culture memes, she demonstrates it to her audience in some shape or form. She is dubbed as the "Queen of Memes", among other related titles that the fans have given her.

She plays a variety of games, and often loves to try out any kind of games in any genres. Despite saying that she doesn't like horror games, she seems to enjoy streaming and playing them. When she was asked about her skills, she admitted that she had terrible aim in FPS games. She is also known to be a poor driver, having a tendency to mess around with her colleagues to get a laugh out of them as well.

She is known to be a whale (high spender) in gacha games and any other games with similar aspects, and has shown streaming her rolls in mobile games like FGO and Twisted Wonderland.

In Japanese, the onomatopoeia for a fox’s bark is “kon-kon.” which sounds like "corn". As a result, corn has become Fubuki’s representative emoji.


Personality
Shirakami Fubuki debuted with a personality showing off a timid, shy girl that fumbles over her words often, often hiding off the screen and quickly running away when doing embarrassing things. She enjoys talking with people and would enjoy it if you paid attention to her.

Throughout the years, she has gained experience, confidence, the stamina to talk a lot (as demonstrated by her MC-ing the 6 hour long HoloComi event and having sang and MC'd in Non-Stop Story for the majority of the concert), and the skill to befriend anyone she meets. She is close to her colleagues and tries to help them in any way she can, directly or indirectly, even at the cost of her own self. She shouldered the pillar of the family around the start of Hololive and has kept it up until recently where she has started relying on her own colleagues too.

Fubuki, alongside Hololive 1st Generation Natsuiro Matsuri, has been pushing towards easing the interactions with the sibling-branch Holostars and her fellow Hololive talents. She has collaborated and interacted with the Holostars talents a number of times. Added to this, she often collaborates and messes with Holostar Talent Yukoku Roberu as of recent events, such as bringing bombs to the Robel's Bar, or turning him into a bacon during his sleep. She also has a group name with Holostar Talent Aragami Oga called FOXDEMON and has a dynamic of being the lady (Fubuki) of the Shirakami House and its maid (Oga); they often collab and do talk/question streams, or competition streams.

She is known to be a large spender on gachas in mobile games and has streamed her characters draws before. Some of the viewers get scared with the shockingly high amount of money that she puts into these games. She feels emotional sometimes when she feels impatient or desperate. Examples of this in Animal Crossing are when her Turnip Stocks crash, or when neighbors leave. She also shows her emotions openly when she goes on a 50 draw spree in her mobile games and getting nothing out of it, or her indecisive decisions in shooters leaving her vulnerable. Despite these things happening, she takes them in stride and plays it out as part of her gag.

She is known to be friends with some indie and other major company/group VTubers and has collaborated with many of them before. They all have a generally good opinion of her, and most of her colleagues sees her as an important figure as well as a good friend. The 1st generation Natsuiro Matsuri has commented in a twitcast that Fubuki is the pillar to Hololive and kept it steady. She is held highly in regards to her reputation and character, and she shoulders the responsibility and weight of people that rely on her.

Fubuki can get easily agitated when you call her a cat due to the frequency of people (newbies and fans alike) often mistaking her for a cat. The joke is either done for fun, or purely by accident and she will blurt out "Neko Janai! Kitsune Jai!(I'm not a cat! I'm a fox!)".

She is easily embarrassed by certain topics, as evident by some of her member-only streams, chatting streams, or collaboration interactions. Examples of this are Natsuiro Matsuri and Shiranui Flare teasing and poking at her among others. She has a tendency of feeling wary or anxious when she makes jokes/pranks behind someone's back or if someone isn't in the presence of her pranks, but she enjoys doing it anyways.
