Details
Japanese Name	アユンダ・リス
English Name	Ayunda Risu
Debut Date	April 10, 2020
Member of	hololive Indonesia 1st Gen
Fan Name	Risuners
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🐿 Risu emote.png

Official Bio
"Hewwrroo everyone ~!!"; "Purupuru ganbari Risu ~!"

A squirrel girl from a magical forest.
She was lost in the human world, but due to certain circumstances, she ends up living in the home of a kind older sister.
To return the favor, she decides to become a Vtuber.
Risu acts, most of the time, just like a squirrel she is. She loves to do subtle pranks on people, shy with new people, and loves to tease her viewers. Her laugh is also one of her unique characteristics.

Overview
Ayunda Risu is a VTuber from Hololive Indonesia 1st Generation. She is cheerful and likes to play pranks on her friends. She came from a magical forest and met a "Big Sister" that takes care of her while she is in human world, and being VTuber is her way to payback her “Big Sister”.

Risu has a notably wide vocal-range, even for a singer. At the request of fans she's been able to portray a considerable range of identities through voice affectation, even convincing impersonations of other hololive members. Risu's fans frequently refer to these identities emulated through voice as "Risu DLC's", given that they are usually donation requests. Her current most used voices are: "Risu" (default), "Wisu" (childish), and "Ayunda" (deep voice). As shown in her collaboration with Yumeria Nirmala, she also able to perform an ikemen (handsome gentlemen) voice called "Wisnu".[14] According to Risu herself, her natural voice is slightly higher than the "Ayunda" voice, but still significantly lower than her default pitch.[15] She is able to speak 3 languages: English, Bahasa Indonesia, and Japanese. She is learning Japanese with help from her friends and those around her.

Risu and her fellow members of Indonesia 1st Generation, Moona Hoshinova and Airani Iofifteen, lived together in a dormitory, though they each had individual rooms. As such, the three have a very close relationship, even sometimes being likened to a family by both themselves and their fans. Frequently, Iofi refers to herself as the father of the group. They collaborate as a trio on the 15th of every month, titled "Area 15". This arrangement allowed them to join in on each other's streams spontaneously, and streams that began as solo streams have at time become impromptu collaborations.

As superchats are not available in Indonesia, Risu has a streamlabs[16] set up alongside superchats for those who want to donate.

Personality
According to Risu's introduction stream, she claims that she is cheerful, clumsy, as well as a crybaby. She is shown to be determined, although she is bad with ghosts and horror games, she will still play them if her viewers request them, although she will scream and probably cry[17].


While kind, she is very strict on the conduct of the live chat--frequently muting or bonking viewers. On more than one occasion she has taken time out of the stream to lecture misbehaving viewers. She is very concerned with making sure all Risuners are treated equally and does not give preferential treatment in bonking.

