Official Bio
"Alona, everyone! This is Aki Rosenthal a.k.a. AkiRose!"

A girl who traveled from a different universe. She has hyper curiosity and dabbles in all sorts of things. Her trademark pigtails float due to some sort of supernatural power.

Overview
Aki Rosenthal (nicknamed Akirose) belongs to the Hololive 1st Generation. She debuted alongside Natsuiro Matsuri and Shirakami Fubuki. Because she didn't have pc nor laptop at beginning, and only had a phone provided by Cover, Aki used Mirrativ for her debut stream.

Aki is half-elf half-siren from another dimension, with her mother being a siren and her father an elf. Aki Rosenthal is not actually her real name, but a name given to her by Yagoo so she would have an understandable and easily pronounceable name here on Earth.

Aki's most distinctive trait are her floating twintails, which are connected to another dimension via mysterious power. She is also able to produce a wild variety of objects and materials from between her thighs, the nature of this 'portal' is just as mysterious as her twintails.

Aki's content used to be mostly focused on ASMR alongside some online games and live-cooking, but with her demonetization in December and later remonetization, she has been doing ASMR less often. She still does ASMR sometimes and she often has unique ideas, such as dish washing ASMR and gaming chair building ASMR. Aki also does binaural ASMR music.

Her representative emote is an apple.

Personality
Aki's streams are often relaxed and calming, but she is also quite weak to horror and is (in)famous for getting scared easily and her screams of horror and surprise are to be feared.

Aki is very poor with directions and gets lost very easily. This combined with her frequent bad luck makes her seem somewhat clumsy. Aki's frequent unlucky incidents and punishment games have shown her to be somewhat masochistic. She is good at cooking and sometimes streams her cooking live. Aki's love for alcohol is notorious. She loves beer and drinks either it or sake often on her streams.

Aki likes music and especially fancies drums and has bought her own drumset. Although she is not very skilled at playing drums, she still likes to play them and practices sometimes.

Aki's calming image often hides her somewhat subtle dad-jokes and dirty humor which is not easy to grasp for everyone. Natsuiro Matsuri has more than once pointed out how Aki is actually the more dirty-minded person, in contrast to how many people often seem to believe.