Details
Japanese Name	さくらみこ
English Name	Sakura Miko
Chinese Name	樱巫女
Debut Date	August 1, 2018 (YouTube)
May 7, 2019 (bilibili)
December 2, 2020 (Twitch)
Member of	hololive Generation 0
Fan Name	35P, read as "Miko-P" (みこぴー)
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🌸 Twemoji12 1f338.svg

Official Bio
"Nya-hello! I'm the elite shrine maiden of hololive, Sakura Miko!"

Used to work hard in the Virtual Sakura Shrine accomplishing duties as a shrine maiden until, 
following the gods' orders, she was led to Japan where she found out about Tokino Sora. After developing huge admiration for her, 
she decided to become a virtual shrine maiden idol and continue to keep working hard for that dream!

Overview
Miko is a self-proclaimed "Elite" shrine maiden. More often than not this backfires and "Elite" becomes a common term used by her viewers to tease her whenever she makes mistakes or unlucky decisions due to her clumsy nature. Despite that, she has the determination to finish the challenges she face, 
having done numerous endurance streams which usually lasted for up to 12 hours.

In contrast to her occupation as a shrine maiden, Miko is an otaku at heart and has a deep passion for all things Eroge. She has defended her love for Eroges from her viewers in various occasions, 
explaining everything she likes about them from illustrations to sounds and visuals. She will also drop anything she's doing to rant at her viewers if she ever gets called out for liking Eroge only for its NSFW aspects. 
She is particularly fond of Eroges with a story that can make her cry, and favors blonde twin-tailed loli type characters, claiming at several occasions that Akai Haato is her #1 choice to romance if Hololive were to become a gal-game.

She was in the main cast of "Miko no Tsutome! (みこのつとめっ！)", which was the first series of short animations under the Holo Anime (ホロアニメ) brand, 
which was a precursor to Holo no Graffiti. In the series, she is accompanied by her pet pink cat shikigami named "Kintoki" (金時).

Her representative emote is a cherry blossom (Sakura).

Personality
A lover of all things chaotic and fun, she has a preference for games with a whole lot of freedom given to a player, and the ability to shoot various guns, unloading them against her enemies. All the reason why she has spent huge amounts of hours on Sandbox genre games like Grand Theft Auto V (so much that she has started to claim to be raised in Los Santos), Minecraft, and ARK. She is very open to the suggestions of her 35P, which has lead her to play similar Shooter games like Serious Sam 3: BFE, Just Cause 3, Saints Row IV, Yakuza, Doom, and recently, Far Cry 5. When presented with the opportunity to be stealthy in games, she will almost always pick the "Elite" option of busting through the front door guns blazing, often leading to her own demise.

She considers herself to be one of the most introverted people in Hololive, but does her best in hiding that side of her once she's in front of the camera. Although not as confident as the rest when it comes to singing, she has a beautiful singing voice and has done multiple karaoke streams, oftentimes as an early morning guerrilla stream. As much as she can (to her limited Elite English), she wants to entertain even her Worldwide 35P by surprising them with songs they will least likely expect her to know.

To add to that is her slight interest in western culture. Asides from expressing a desire of going to America and shooting a gun in real life, she has adopted multiple memes of western origins. Through the influence of her Worldwide 35P, she has adopted the "Press F to Pay Respects" meme, using it regularly on streams, and has added it as one of her Membership emojis. She has played through Call of Duty games on stream to learn more about the origins of the meme.

Whenever possible through the game's settings, she prefers to play games with an English voice with Japanese subtitles rather than both of them in Japanese, leading her to pick up a lot of English swears by imitating whatever she hears from the games. Through this she may have adopted the phrase "FAQ" (ファッキュー, fakkyū), often to express her anger in-game or when YouTube AI decides to preemptively take down her streams before they even begin.
