Details
Japanese Name	クレイジー・オリー
English Name	Kureiji Ollie
Debut Date	December 4, 2020 (YouTube)
Member of	hololive Indonesia 2nd Gen
Fan Name	Zomrade
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🧟‍♀️

Official Bio
"ZOMBANWA!! SUPER KAWAII ZOMBIE IDOL, KU KU KU KUREIJI OLLIE DESU~!!"

A zombie high school girl risen from her grave. She headed home, relying on memories retained from when she was still alive.
Upon arriving, she discovered it had turned into a ramen shop! And so, in order to reclaim her house, she decided to become a VTuber.
Ollie has a very high tendency to scream. Always lower your volumes during her streams.

Overview
Kureiji Ollie is a female zombie virtual youtuber and member of Hololive Indonesia 2nd Generation. She's quite loud and rowdy with the tendency to scream at unexpected events, such as when Tokino Sora and other hololive seniors appeared in her debut stream chat. Her streams can be chaotic but still entertaining with her unique laugh and ability perform short skits when you least expect it. Her knowledge of memes and pop culture is quite decent as evidenced by her frequent usage of various online slang such as "POG", "Yeet", "Skeet" etc.[5]. This allows her to relate better to her viewers during streams. Ollie is a huge fan of Apex Legends, Chess, and hosts teaching streams regularly.

Personality
Kureiji Ollie is a loud, chaotic, energetic character who occasionally talks very quickly in Bahasa Indonesia, English as well as Japanese. She is the most talkative amongst her generation and never misses an opportunity to crack a joke[6]. Despite being very cheerful and easy-going, Ollie is also very caring and pays a lot of attention to her friends and supporters.[7]

Ollie is a big virtual youtuber fan with so much knowledge on her seniors that she is able to imitate them quite well. She also describes herself as a SIMP [8] and listed SIMPing[9] as one of her hobbies during her debut stream. Her passion and respect for her senpais leads her to react very excitedly whenever they show up in her stream chat, usually with an ear piercing scream [10] [11]

Ollie is also very fond of her zomrades and frequently interacts with them on twitter. She strongly appreciates any fan content and at times uses fan made content as intro's to her streams[12][13]. Her streams mainly include gaming and free talks along with superchat/donation reading streams.

