Details
Japanese Name	パヴォリア・レイネ
English Name	Pavolia Reine
Debut Date	December 6, 2020 (YouTube)
Member of	hololive Indonesia 2nd Gen
Fan Name	Merakyats
Emoji /
Oshi Mark	🦚

Official Bio
"Perhatian, sang putri merak yang tertiup angin, aku Pavolia Reine dari hololive ID."

Lady of the Peafowl. While studying at a magic academy, she was involved in an incident and transferred to the human world.
Since then, she has been unable to use much of her magic.
Very fond of sweets, but weak with overly spicy food. At first glance, she seems to be the elegant type, but people who spend some more time with her will find out that she has more of a dorky personality. To quite a number of viewers, her laugh has been perceived as similar to a car engine starting.

Overview
Reine was the final member of the second generation of Hololive Indonesia to Debut. 
She is a talented artist, as demonstrated by her ability to complete the Passpartout campaign in under 3 hours[9], and her various illustrations of "chat food"[10].
Reine hosts regular Brunch streams[11] on weekends, as well as viewer-submitted fan-fiction reading streams[12]. 
During Reine's donation reading on streams, specifically from Streamlabs, viewers try their best to impress Reine with pick-up lines and compliments. 
However, the majority of them fail to achieve this, leading to Reine and the viewers responding with "Get well soon" or "GWS".[13]

Personality
Reine shows a high degree of honesty and transparency with her MERAKyats. She is very hardworking, specially behind the scenes and regularly surprises her viewers with covers or collaborations while maintaining a regular streaming schedule[14]. However, this does not deter her from also messing with her viewers through the use of unconventional backgrounds and the occasional puns. This rather mischievous side of her is also amplified when the Holoro trio comes together. Reine is also very caring of her viewers and regularly expresses her thanks for support from MERAKyats, regardless of their ability to donate during streams.


